So brave
Dare to make trouble on my turf
Master, you are finally here
This kid is making trouble in our car
Look at my leg. He hit it
So brave
Dare to make trouble on my turf
Yes sir
That's them
They don't say when they swipe other people's cards
You can't get the money.
We question.
How dare they hit people?
You see, it hurt our family
Old swipe
Is it that Linger's black gold card?
Yes, yes, that's the card.
Master, the owner of that card is
You don't need to ask
Anyway, a big man's big man
I knew he must have stolen it.
He runs a food stall on the side of the road
How can you possibly have the money to buy a car?
Well, it's a food stall, right?
He's my classmate's father.
He runs a food stall
It seemed to be some kind of punk before
Pretty good
You see, they all hurt us in Darling
That's right, the young master is causing trouble in your car dealership
And broke my leg
Hey sir
This kid doesn't give you face at all.
That's right, young master, get this person out quickly
Break his legs
Let him be like his useless daughter
When you die a cripple all your life
He also has a daughter
Yes, yes, yes, yes!
A crippled cripple
How dare you insult my daughter like this again
He'll be in a wheelchair for the rest of his life